#summary Frequently asked questions for Lion Editor

=== Do I really need custom firmware? ===
Yes. The game expects the saves to be encrypted. LionEditor expects the saves to be decrypted. It is not currently possible to decrypt the savegame information without a PSP. The solution is the FFTSaveHook.prx kernel plugin, which intercepts the game's access to the Memory Stick and injects or extracts the decrypted data as necessary.

=== Is it possible to convert saves between regions? ===
Yes. You will need a copy of War of the Lions from both regions (the target and destination). 
For example, to convert from European to US:
  # Enable the FFTSaveHook kernel plugin
  # Load the game in the European version
  # Shut down the PSP
  # Find the file `lioneditor.bin` on your Memory Stick in `/PSP/SAVEDATA/ULES00850FFT0000` (this is the location where saves are stored for the European version of War of the Lions)
  # Copy the file to `/PSP/SAVEDATA/ULUS10297FFT0000` (this is the location where saves are stored for the US version of War of the Lions)
  # Start the US version of the game
  # The European saves should appear in the load screen

The saves for each region are stored in the following locations on the memory stick
  * US: /PSP/SAVEDATA/ULUS10297FFT0000
  * Europe: /PSP/SAVEDATA/ULES00850FFT0000
  * Japan: /PSP/SAVEDATA/ULJM05194FFT0000
  * Australia: Unknown. Please email me if you know.

Be sure to save a copy of your saves (including the FFTA.SYS file) before you try to modify anything.